Clarify contributor maintenance responsibilities (#337)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: README.md

their components when such changes happen, otherwise the component will be excluded
from the default builds.

> Generally, maintenance of components is the responsibility of contributors who
> authored them. If the orignal author or some other contributor does not maintain
> the component it may be included from the default build. The component **will** be
> exlcluded if it causes build problems, has failing tests or otherwise causes problems
> to the rest of the repository and the rest of contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, maintenance of components is the responsibility of contributors who
authored them. If the original author or some other contributor does not maintain
the component it may be excluded from the default build. The component **will** be
excluded if it causes build problems, has failing tests or otherwise causes problems
to the rest of the repository and the rest of contributors.
```
